% quotes_raw.txt

% This file is a collection of quote blocks formatted like this (but without the percent signs):

% quo:A lot of data science and analytics is just counting things and labeling them.
% src:Hamdan Azhar
% cit:2022 New York R Conference
% url:https://youtu.be/W5EkEuaa_Mk
% tag:data science

% Lines beginning with "%" are comments.
% Blank lines are ignored.

% In each quote block, the first line should be for the "quo:"
% The "tag:" line can have multiple tags, separated by commas

% tags can be anything, but here are some to pick from:
% collections
% entomology
% listening
% museums
% physics
% terminology

% ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
% This section of quotes was contributed by Ed Baker

quo:The casual reader may be interested to inquire how the efforts of a specialist in physics and communication engineering become directed to the study of insects. The answer might be that anyone who is ignorant has the obligation to seek enlightenment.
src:G. W. Pierce
cit:1948 The Songs of Insects
url:https://medium.ebaker.me.uk/bioacoustic-pioneers-g-w-pierce-ca088d9e3b69
tag:physics,entomology

quo:Pulse is surely the most ill-used term ever taken over by the bio-acoustician.
src:Broughton
cit:1963 Busnel
url:https://medium.ebaker.me.uk/bioacoustic-pioneers-g-w-pierce-ca088d9e3b69
tag:terminology

quo:Seuketat is the Eskimo word for ear-of-the-animal. This is what we must become if we want to truly listen.
src:Gordon Hempton
cit:Earth is a Solar Powered Jukebox
tag:listening

quo:How can we listen for something that we have not yet heard? We can't. When we listen in this way, selectively, we are actually practicing controlled impairment.
src:Gordon Hempton
cit:Earth is a Solar Powered Jukebox
tag:listening

quo:The word communication will be used here in a very broad sense to include all of the procedures by which one mind may affect another.
src:Warren Weaver
cit:1949 The Mathematical Theory of Communication
tag:communication

quo:By the warm sunshine, and the jocund voice, Of insects—chirping out their careless lives, On these soft beds of thyme-besprinkled turf.
src:William Wordsworth
cit:The Excursion
tag:entomology,poetry

quo:Many of us don’t distinguish between the acts of listening and hearing.
src:Bernie Krause
cit:The Great Animal Orchestra
tag:listening

quo:I had always used my ears as filters - for shutting noise out - rather than as portals allowing large amounts of information in.
src:Bernie Krause
cit:The Great Animal Orchestra
tag:listening

quo:Sound, because it is so intimate, immediate, and physical, is probably the most influential of our senses.
src:Bernie Krause
cit:Wild Soundscapes
tag:listening

quo:A great silence is spreading over the natural world even as the sound of man is becoming deafening.
src:Bernie Krause
cit:The Great Animal Orchestra
tag:silence,anthropophony

quo:Our problem is that sound is not important in our culture. We know the world from the visual, not from the other senses. I had to be taught other ways of understanding.
src:Bernie Krause
tag:listening

quo: At intervals, some bird from out the brakes, Starts into voice a moment, then is still.
src:Lord Byron
cit:Lake Leman
tag:ornithology,poetry

quo:Or chirps the grasshopper one good-night carol more. He is an evening reveller, who makes, His life an infancy, and sings his fill.
src:Lord Byron
cit:Lake Leman
tag:entomology,poetry

quo:Elate on the fern branch the grasshopper sings, And away in the midst of his roundelay springs.
src:Hogg
cit:Address to a Wild Deer
tag:entomology,poetry

quo:I heard the owls scream, and the crickets cry.
src:William Shakespeare
cit:Macbeth
tag:entomology,ornithology,poetry

quo:There was never a King like Solomon, Not since the world began; But Solomon talked to a butterfly, As a man would talk to a man.
src:Rudyard Kipling
cit:The Butterfly that Stamped
tag:entomology,poetry

quo:Then the little Hiawatha, Learned of every bird its language, Learned their names and all their secrets, How they built their nests in summer, Where they hid themselves in winter, Talked with them whene'er he met them, Called them 'Hiawatha's Chickens.'
src:Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
cit:Haiwatha's Childhood
tag:ornithology,poetry

quo:As a lifelong birdwatcher I take particular delight in recording the voices of the skulking forest birds, playing their songs or calls to attract them, and the seeing them (and recording their sounds better) when they come near.
src:Murrray Gell-Mann
cit:The Quark and the Jaguar
tag:listening,ornithology

quo:I am not sure that I would as yet advocate a museum of odors, but a museum of sound might be not only interesting, but valuable.
src:Harlan I. Smith
cit:Science , Aug. 21, 1914, New Series, Vol. 40, No. 1025 (Aug. 21, 1914), pp. 273-274
tag:collections,museums

quo:Very rarely are the tongues of Nature stilled. When they are entirely silent a nameless kind of oppression overtakes the human soul.
src:Richard Kearton
cit:At Home With Wild Nature. Cassel and Company, 1922.
tag:silence

quo:This high country is just too bleak for some people but it is up there on the empty moors with the curlews crying that I have been able to find peace and tranquility of mind.
src:James Herriot
cit:James Herriot's Yorkshire
tag:ornithology

quo:Coming from the state of Brandenburg, it's a lot for me to even utter a monosyllabic 'morning' at the start of the day.
src:Madlen Ziege
cit:Nature is Never Silent

quo:The advantage of acoustic signals is that the transmitter doesn't need to see the receiver in order to exchange information.
src:Madlen Ziege
cit:Nature is Never Silent

quo:Anyone hwo has to use their voice a lot every day knows how tiring it can be to send acoustic information.
src:Madlen Ziege
cit:Nature is Never Silent

quo:Two things are dead giveaways in nature: one is moving, making a motion, and the other is making a sound … So many actions in our lives, as in the lives of insects and other animals, take their value from and seem to be governed by risk
src:A. R. Ammons in Forward to Dethier (1992)
cit:Crickets and Katydids, Concerts and Solos
url:https://amzn.to/404B52x

quo:Silent, like sorrowing children, the birds have ceased their song, and only the moorhen's plaintive cryand the harsh croak of the corncrake stors the awed hush around the couch of waters, where the dying day breathes out her last.
src:Jerome K. Jerome
cit:Three Men in a Boat
url:https://amzn.to/3DNBjn5
